Public Cloud Databases - Redis > Caching (#6417)
ovh/docs: pages/public_cloud/public_cloud_databases/redis_01_capabilities/guide.en-gb.md

#### Maximum simultaneous connections

The number of simultaneous connections in Public Cloud Databases for Caching depends on the available total memory on the server. We allow 4 \* megabytes_of_bytes_memory connections per RAM GB, but at least 10000 connections, even on the smallest servers.

So for example on a server with 7GB memory, you will get up to 7 \* 4096 = 28672 simultaneous connections.

#### Advanced parameters

> You can further customise your service by using advanced parameters. See the [Advanced parameters references documentation](https://help.ovhcloud.com/csm/en-gb-public-cloud-databases-redis-advanced-parameters-references?id=kb_article_view&sysparm_article=KB0054733) for more information on the supported parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can further customise your service by using advanced parameters. See the [Advanced parameters references documentation](/pages/public_cloud/public_cloud_databases/redis_09_advanced_parameters_references) for more information on the supported parameters.
```

Reviewer: Not fixed
